Refresh of writing Rust policies. (#295)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/rust/01-intro-rust.md

---
title: "Rust"
description: An introduction to writing Kubewarden policies with Rust.
keywords: [kubewarden, kubernetes, writing policies, introduction]
doc-type: [tutorial]
doc-topic: [writing-policies, rust, introduction]
---

> [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) is a mature programming language that can generate WebAssembly modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) is the most mature programming language that can generate WebAssembly modules.
```

I would keep the pointer here, it's still true, and seems that will be for the foreseeable. It also explains why we favour rust for our policies.

Reviewer 2: I agree with what @viccuad said

Author: Thanks, and fixed.
